8.0.3 changelog (#2831)
AzureAD/azure-activedirectory-identitymodel-extensions-for-dotnet: CHANGELOG.md

See the [releases](https://github.com/AzureAD/azure-activedirectory-identitymodel-extensions-for-dotnet/releases) for details on bug fixes and added features.

> 8.0.3

Author: ```suggestion
8.1.0
```

=====
### Performance improvements
- Improves performance during issuer validation by replacing string comparison with span comparison. See PR [#2826](https://github.com/AzureAD/azure-activedirectory-identitymodel-extensions-for-dotnet/pull/2826).

### New features

> - Add optional check to prevent using keys that are shared across multiple clouds. See PR [#2804](https://github.com/AzureAD/azure-activedirectory-identitymodel-extensions-for-dotnet/pull/2804) for details.

Author: ```suggestion
- Add optional check to prevent using keys that are shared across multiple clouds. See issue [#2832](https://github.com/AzureAD/azure-activedirectory-identitymodel-extensions-for-dotnet/issues/2832) for details.
```

- Update XUnit versoin and fix test warnings due to new XUnit analyzers. See PR [#2796](https://github.com/AzureAD/azure-activedirectory-identitymodel-extensions-for-dotnet/pull/2796) for details.
- Onhboard to code coverage in ADO. See PR [#2798](https://github.com/AzureAD/azure-activedirectory-identitymodel-extensions-for-dotnet/pull/2798).
- Use `IsTargetFrameworkCompatible(*)` so AOT is forward-compatible with .NET 9 and beyond. See PR [#2790](https://github.com/AzureAD/azure-activedirectory-identitymodel-extensions-for-dotnet/pull/2790) for details.
- Fix a merge conflict impacting dev. See PR [#2819](https://github.com/AzureAD/azure-activedirectory-identitymodel-extensions-for-dotnet/pull/2819).
- Defining the following attribute in multiple assemblies (.Tokens, .Logging) causes an internal error.
[DynamicallyAccessedMembers(DynamicallyAccessedMemberTypes.PublicConstructors)]. See PR [#2820](https://github.com/AzureAD/azure-activedirectory-identitymodel-extensions-for-dotnet/pull/2820).
- Remove perl dependency. See PR [#2830](https://github.com/AzureAD/azure-activedirectory-identitymodel-extensions-for-dotnet/pull/2830).

> ### Work relating to [#2711](https://github.com/AzureAD/azure-activedirectory-identitymodel-extensions-for-dotnet/issues/2711)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Work related to redesign of IdentityModel's token validation logic [#2711](https://github.com/AzureAD/azure-activedirectory-identitymodel-extensions-for-dotnet/issues/2711)
```
